hey I was going to roll a folk here from
the game station it is Tuesday October
fourth I made it I'm here with John say
hi John we're going to shoot after this
but now your gaming news the first DLC
for Gears of War 3 has been announced
for november first it will include three
new maps for beasts and horde mode three
new characters and two new weapon skins
it will cost ten bucks and the
frustration caused by spending 10 more
dollars on the game maker of Minecraft
notch is being sued by gaming giant
Bethesda for using the title Scrolls in
their upcoming game supposedly notch had
volunteered to get rid of Scrolls the
title but bethesda suit them anyways
that's kind of a bummer the big guy
picking on the little guy like that but
I guess that's just the way it is things
will always be the same and a quick
little tidbit supposedly dead space 3 is
going to take place on an icy planet
rather than its normal space environment
things are going to get chilly it's a
big game release day today as dark souls
and needs new first person shooter rage
has been released dark souls getting
very positive review all rage is getting
fairly positive but mixed reviews this
leads in my question the day do you feel
like the first person shooter genre is a
bit worn I personally do Dark Souls vs.
rage I'm definitely going to get dark
souls / rage just do too I don't know
I'm tired in the first person shooter
genre kinda what about you guys let me
know in the comments below and now for
some game station news if you watch the
show yesterday you know the game station
is giving away a couple of graphics
cards if you want one of these geforce
gtx 560ti is all you have to do is
comment on the new video for today which
is an episode of super office land
called Akuma the intern all you have to
do is leave a comment stating I want to
gear up for battlefield 3 leave a
comment good luck have fun you excited
I'm excited John you excited
you gonna leave a comment yeah you can
enter what are you going to stay in your
comment close he's not gonna win once
again I want to give up for battlefield
3 oh alright guys well around for the
day good luck in the contest to wish you
all the best of luck you have one less
person compete against Sanjana it up but
have fun take it easy as for me that's
it that's all